Okay, so now let's talk about
penetration testing on the Cloud.
So, penetration testing is when you're trying to attack
your own infrastructure to test your security.
A customer of AWS is welcome
to carry out these security assessments
and penetration testing against your own infrastructure
without prior approval for eight services.
So, our Amazon EC2 instances,
NAT Gateways and Elastic Load Balancers, Amazon RDS,
CloudFront, Aurora, the API Gateways, Lambda,
and Lambda Edge functions,
Lightsail resources and Elastic Beanstalk environments.
The list can increase over time,
but this is not something that you will be tested
on at the exam.
Just remember that you don't need an authorization
for these eight services,
but if you wanted to do other type of activities
that could be prohibited.
For example, you cannot do a DNS zone walking
via Amazon Route 53 Hosted Zone.
You can not perform a distributed attack on your system,
so you cannot perform a DoS or DDoS or a Simulated DoS
or Simulated DDoS.
You cannot just attack your own infrastructure
with a denial of service.
You can not do port flooding.
You can undo protocol flooding, request flooding,
which are, you know, variants of an attack.
And for any other events,
you need to contact the security team at AWS
to ensure that they can approve it.
If you wanted to read more, you can read more here.
So, from an exam perspective, yes,
you can do pen testing on your Cloud.
Remember that some are authorized,
but anything that looks like an attack such as DDoS attack
or a DNS zone walking or a port flooding is not authorized
because for AWS,
it would seem like you're trying to attack
their infrastructure and they wouldn't like it.
So, I hope that was helpful
and I will see you in the next lecture.